README.md, before:

# Build-a-Pizza

#### a pizza building website

#### By Ian Goodrich

## Description

A web site that lets you build a pizza like you would a bear...because why not?

## Setup/Installation Requirements

Open in any web browser.

## Known Bugs
Honestly, it resets itself more than half of the time. I have not figured out what is causing this.
## Support and contact details

iangoodrich@hotmail.com


### License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Sara Hamilton and Ian Goodrich

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Copyright (c) 2018 **Ian Goodrich**

Commit message:

added specs to README.md

README.md, after:

# Build-a-Pizza

#### a pizza building website

#### By Ian Goodrich

## Description

A web site that lets you build a pizza like you would a bear...because why not?

## Setup/Installation Requirements

Open in any web browser.

## Specs
1. Create Pizza constructor.
2. Create /item pricing scheme.
3. Develop/streamline topping/price 'tuple'.
4. Create prototype for getting price.
5. Develop basic HTML framework for testing purposes.
6. Refactor and implement step 3 into HTML form.
7. Implement S/M/L radio buttons, and separate HTML forms.
8. Develop and implement checkbox functionality.
9. Create cleanInvoice prototype to extract and push topping/price info into tuple format.
10. Create prototypes for getting and displaying price and invoice.
11. Full app functionality testing and debugging.
12. CSS final touches. 

## Known Bugs
invoice display is still in a primitive state.
## Support and contact details

iangoodrich@hotmail.com


### License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2018 Sara Hamilton and Ian Goodrich

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Copyright (c) 2018 **Ian Goodrich**
